{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-BoldItalic;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\title fOOD JUNKY}
{\author SETHU}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29860\viewh16140\viewkind1\viewscale75
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f0\i\b\fs40 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 FOODjunky\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\fs36 \cf0 \ulc0 INTRODUCTION \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Technology has evolved so much to an extent it has become our way of life and is rapidly growing. Creative Data solution have decided to create an application that will enhance, improve and modify if not change people\'92s food choices and their lifestyles. FoodJunky is a software application that helps you tailor make your own food menu according to your Blood type. This software application will be applicable for Gyms, private hospital, Rehabilitation centers. Blood type diet asserts the blood type that can determine which food will best work with a person\'92s internal chemistry. The human body is a complex system which need special and precise care in order to function to the best of its ability. We have to go beyond exercises, beyond the idea of just healthy food choices, one needs to know exactly what is happening. Foodjunky understands that food particles carries information which tells the body what to do and how to react, even further, understanding that not everything healthy is healthy for everyone. A Blood type diet clarify or dismissed the unnecessary misconceptions of Living a Healthy Lifestyle. In this day of age, half the population is trying to lose weight the other half are fighting for a better health, FoodJunky we believe is the missing link and connection between this devastating life problems which humanity is facing.   \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
\
\
\
\
AIM\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Education is the aim of Foodjunky, education towards food and understanding your own body, being in control over what your body consumes. We are what we eat, and in understanding this we now know that it is important to watch and monitor what we eat. It\'92s a bit of a struggle to go from institution to department to scan and check the well-being of your own body, it takes money which we as a society don\'92t have and it becomes unnecessary to households because the effects of a bad eating habit is not immediate. Even worse people don\'92t have the information or understand it, Foodjunky is trying to bridge this gab. \
For GYM fanatics (People trying to loose, gain or maintain their body weight) = Different foods have different benefit concerning what the person is trying to archive, with Foodjunky involved it can enhance ones diet plan in knowing exactly what to eat.\
For private Hospitals = we often comes across allergies, food poisoning and all sorts of illness concerning food which half the population don\'92t understand, Foodjunky is a diagnose software application which will separate the toxic from the non-toxic which your body needs effectively. \
For Rehabilitation centers = a cause for a rehabilitation institute means that one immune system has been damaged and need healing. With the infused help of Foodjunky certain foods have anti-toxin particles which will help rehabilitate one body fully \
Informing people about the importance of health and choosing to live a healthy lifestyle. The body functions on what you consume, we understand that different food carry different molecules which contain vitamins but we don't understand how vitamins works with the body, different bodies need different food to function to the best of their ability. FoodJunky breaks the barrier about the suspicions on what to eat when you want to lose weight, gain weight or building a healthy eating habit\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 PROBLEM Definition\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone We live in a society that doesn\'92t want to waste time on research about the importance of leading a healthy lifestyle. People don\'92t understand that everything you consume is either making you better or killing you. The use of this application is inexpensive. This software application bridge the gap.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 HYPOTHESIS\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Our systems will be an web based system, which will be automatically generate the ability to buy food, according to their blood types. This will allow individuals to make healthy food choices. It will give people an opportunity to also try know food types that they are unaware it is good for their bodies and even good for their blood circulation. \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 OBJECTIVES\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone The purpose of this app is to allow people buy food according to their blood types allowing them to eat healthy. This app will so help individuals with versatile food styles.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 JUSTIFICATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone The main purpose of the evolution of technology is to make the world a better place, making things easier for human kind\
The travel and mostly hospitality industry don't understand the diversities, uniqueness and differences of every individuals\
 What we told you that create data solutions actually has a solution for this deprived pleasure of travel and hospitality. Foodjunky is offering you the ability to pick and choose the alterations of your food choices based on what your body and health mostly needs, everything at the tip of your fingers. the ability to customize, reject or request the comfortable which is available at your disposal\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs32 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 EXPECTATION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl259\slmult1\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Let\'92s take that we\'92re pitching for a company that asked us develop an app for them, it is obvious they\'92ll ask about a final delivery date, or timing for a first draft of the product review.  However this isn\'92t always possible especially for complex projects. Therefore, to properly set expectations, \'91\'92there needs to be a clearly-defined discovery period where us and the company can effectively break down the project and determine the true scope. It costs time up front, but it saves a lot of stress.\
\
We will need to document requirements in a detailed scope statement to avoid costly project budgeting and schedule overruns. Do the hard work of documentation and planning up front to have a smoother execution for all involved. We will have to build a plan to manage the tasks at a higher level. Then give the resources detailed task checklists so that they we can self-manage and give the project manager to better manage the project without micromanaging it.\
\
We\'92ll need to create a realistic schedule. It will be our working schedule, working backward from the committed date and the pad the date with buffer weeks (the time which management is allowing slippage in the schedule without communicating it to the team). For example, if we need to deliver something in 4 weeks, as a project manager I\'92ll set the schedule deliver in 2 or 3 weeks and allow for 1 week to 2 weeks of buffer. If the team pulls of a miracle, great. But if they don\'92t, they already have time to allow for coverage\'92s. This ensures an appropriate sense of urgency and a less stressful delivery time.\
\
Set and acknowledge milestones to show the client how the project is expected to progress, and allow them to see and approve the work before moving onto each subsequent milestone. This way, small issues do not grow to become unmanageable and the client dissatisfaction can be addressed immediately.\
\
We will need to provide regular updates and demos. We are very aware that communication with our client is mandatory throughout each project. From the start of each project it is important to inform the client what\'92s expected from them in order to keep the project moving along to meet the deadline. Then during the course of the project, we need to send reminders to the client of upcoming deadline. And if, or when, delays or problem occur, communicate the details to the client immediately.\
It is a good idea to give clients product demos as we progress. Holding regular product demos with decision-makers (clients) can be a real game changer. Demos allow decision- makers to see for themselves if the project seems on track, ahead of schedule or behind schedule. And showing is almost always better and richer than telling.\
There has to be a plan for problems and potential conflicts. When managing deadlines and projects, we need to consider potential resource and technology challenges that might emerge. We\'92ll need to make sure there is time allocated for undiscovered work and develop a contingency plan for it. Lots of projects assume a happy path, but do not plan for unanticipated and undiscovered work, which will inevitably work.\
Similarly, it is important to keep an eye out for potential conflicts that could interfere with our project, such as other projects requiring your resources. We need to understand our team members work flow. We will learn how much we can handle at once, because giving someone more than they can handle will jeopardize deadlines. Also we should be aware of the distractions coming our way from other projects and help each other manage our time.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \ulc0 \
\
CONCLUSION\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs28 \cf0 \ulnone Our aim for this project is to changes people\'92s perspective about the concept of living a healthy lifestyle. Food junky foundation is to assist people in forming a relationship with their body. It implements a healthy lifestyle and educates proper eating habits even beyond the use of the software application.\
}